Update `Account` (#7948)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Help_centre/Account/en.md

If that player **does** have any plays across all game modes, a [non-linear function](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/b89siyv9j8) is used to calculate how much extra time is added to those 6 months. This is to prevent people from stealing the usernames of active or recently retired players.

> Note that players with [ranked beatmaps](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Beatmap/Category#ranked) or [user badges](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Community/Profile_badge) may not be eligible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that usernames of players with [ranked beatmaps](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Beatmap/Category#ranked) or [profile badges](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Community/Profile_badge) cannot be taken.
```
